Stepper: add Getting Started (#7318)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Stepper/05 Getting Started with Stepper/00 Getting Started with Stepper.md

#include tutorials-intro-installationnote

Stepper is a UI component that allows users to navigate multi-step forms and processes such as checkouts, set-up wizards, and sign-up forms.

> This tutorial explains how to add Stepper to a page and configure the component's core settings. Learn how to create a six-step Stepper with icons, labels, and customized steps. This Stepper disables its steps as users progress.

Reviewer: I'd rather use a list for everything this tutorial does. It's always awkward to say the same thing in form or a narrative. 

```suggestion
This tutorial guides you through the following steps: 

 - Add a Stepper to a page.
 - Configure the component's core settings. 
 - Create six steps and specify their icons, labels, and other options. 
 - Disable completed steps as a user progresses.
```

<div class="simulator-desktop-container" data-view="/Content/Applications/25_1/GettingStartedWith/Stepper/index.html, /Content/Applications/25_1/GettingStartedWith/Stepper/index.js, /Content/Applications/25_1/GettingStartedWith/Stepper/index.css"></div>

> Each section in this tutorial covers a single configuration step. You can find the final source code of the tutorial in the following GitHub repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each section in this tutorial covers a single configuration step. You can find the complete source code in the following GitHub repository:
```

#include tutorials-intro-installationnote

Stepper is a UI component that allows users to navigate multi-step forms and processes such as checkouts, set-up wizards, and sign-up forms.

> This tutorial explains how to add Stepper to a page and configure the component's core settings. Learn how to create
>  a six-step Stepper with icons, labels, and customized steps. This Stepper disables its steps as users progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to add Stepper to a page and configure the component's core settings. Learn how to create a six-step Stepper with icons, labels, and customized steps. This Stepper disables its steps as users progress.
```
